README.md, before:

<h1><img src="./src/icons/icon32.png" height="28px" width="28px" /> NoteKeeper</h1>

![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/v/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![Add-on rating](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![Add-on downloads](https://img.shields.io/amo/dw/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![Add-on users](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/semanticdata/firefox-new-tab-notes)

NoteKeeper is a Firefox extension that transforms the new tab into a minimalist, auto-saving text editor. It now comes with a new sidebar companion! If you are curious, go check out the [demo](https://semanticdata.github.io/notekeeper/).

<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notekeeper/">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/semanticdata/text-revealer-firefox-extension/master/firefox.png" alt="firefox addon" /></a>

## ✨ Features

- ✅ Auto-saves content after every keystroke
- ✅ Integrated with Firefox Sync - access your notes across browser instances
- ✅ Integrated with [Web Storage API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Storage_API)
- ✅ Works offline with browser sync support ([Firefox Sync](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/features/sync/), [Chrome Sync](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/185277))
- ✅ Dark/Light themes with system preference detection
- ✅ Responsive design that works across devices
- ✅ Sidebar companion for quick access
- ✅ Comprehensive test coverage

## 🖼️ Screenshots

| ![light-mode](./screenshot.png) | ![dark-mode](./screenshot-dark.png) |
| :---: | :---: |

## 💜 Acknowledgments

This extension is based on [Tab Notes](https://github.com/nsht/tab_notes). It hadn't received updates in over 4 years when originally forked.

## © License

Source code in this repository is available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

update with TODO before integration

README.md, after:

<h1><img src="./src/icon.svg" height="24px" width="24px" /> NoteKeeper</h1>

![Mozilla Add-on](https://img.shields.io/amo/v/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![Add-on rating](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![Add-on downloads](https://img.shields.io/amo/dw/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![Add-on users](https://img.shields.io/amo/users/newtab-notes@semanticdata) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/semanticdata/firefox-new-tab-notes)

[NoteKeeper](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notekeeper/) is a Firefox extension that transforms the new tab into a minimalist, auto-saving text editor. It now comes with a new sidebar companion! If you are curious, go check out the [demo](https://semanticdata.github.io/notekeeper/).

<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/notekeeper/">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/semanticdata/text-revealer-firefox-extension/master/firefox.png" alt="firefox addon" /></a>

## ✨ Features

> [!NOTE]
> These need to be verified after our v2 update.

- [ ] Auto-saves content after every keystroke
- [ ] Integrated with Firefox Sync - access your notes across browser instances
- [ ] Integrated with [Web Storage API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Storage_API)
- [ ] Works offline with browser sync support ([Firefox Sync](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/features/sync/), [Chrome Sync](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/185277))
- [ ] Dark/Light themes with system preference detection
- [ ] Responsive design that works across devices
- [ ] Sidebar companion for quick access

<!--
## 🖼️ Screenshots

| ![light-mode](./screenshot.png) | ![dark-mode](./screenshot-dark.png) |
| :-----------------------------: | :---------------------------------: |
-->

## 💜 Acknowledgments

This extension is based on [Tab Notes](https://github.com/nsht/tab_notes). It hadn't received updates in over 6 years last time I checked.

## © License

Available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
